## SL Travel
In Sri Lanka, there are so many Hotels and Restaurants, villas, like, Amari, Taj, and Cinnamon grand, Sanmira, Citrus, Riu, etc. and they provide good service to high-class people. Sri Lanka is a developing country. Many peoples are spending middle class and low-class lifestyle and Sri Lanka has the middle scale and small-scale hotels and restaurants. Due to COVID-19 pandemic, all small-scale hotels were collapsed economically. Middle and low-class people can’t enter high-class hotels or restaurants because they have not economic ability. They want to relax but they unable strong economic ability to enter this type of place. So, I think this is one of the main problems in our country considering people want to but they can't get mental freshness because of economic problems.

Mainly I focused the Domestic tourism as a project domain. With the change of technology, peoples are spending a very busy lifestyle. They rarely get a break. Due to this situation, people want to relax and reduce their mental depression. But they have less time to plan trips or day outings. They hope, it should be cost-effective. Because the present lifestyle and economic ability are very hard to maintain. This planning should be cost-effective, nearest place and they should have the facilities they expect. In addition, they expect to enjoy the day or two days and visit many places in less time. The place can be who like to select beach environment, natural environment, or artificial environment. It depends on what people like. The main aim is to select a cost-effective, nearest place and they should have the facilities who expect.

And the economies of many countries have collapsed because of the Covid-19 Pandemic in the world presently. Many country's airports were closed. Due to this situation, the Sri Lankan tourism income has collapsed. It is the main source of income in our country. The small, medium, and large-scale hotels have collapsed due to the absence of foreign tourists. Among these, tourism allows local (Domestic) tourists to travel only inside the country. Sri Lankan government are decided to reopen the airport next 26th of December. Present time many people used mobile applications and web applications to plan the trip and day outings. For example, booking.com, agoda.com, Trip Advisor etc. These applications are mostly used by foreigners. But small and medium scale hotels and restaurants do not like and register the like above application because they charged a high amount and a percentage per booking.

Considering the above situation, I am motivated to find a solution to solve this problem. I supposed the mobile responsive web application need to develop solve this problem. I am capable to present the solution with the knowledge of PHP, Laravel, and other technologies to address this solution.